Gu Shao
It has been confirmed that Tian Weiwei is your biological sister.
Ok, I'll take you there.
Give it to me
It turns out that you have already appeared by your brother's side
Sorry.
Brother, we still report
Tian Weiwei, what are you doing?
Look at aunt come down
Is he kidding?
I can't believe someone like him can really dance
you
Never killed anyone
What nonsense are you talking about?
Of course we didn't kill anyone
Start today.
All of you are murderers
You'll never admit it
How vicious is what you have done?
You just say
Why don't I remember
You are me pulling his hair
I'm going to lock him in the bathroom
I don't remember.
He would stand by and watch him being bullied
And you've done so much to me
But you will only say
I didn't push him down the stairs.
I didn't throw cold water on him.
Because I slashed his hand with a knife.
No snake is his only problem
I'm just kidding.
Then pretend nothing happened
Tian Weiwei, don't think you can use this method
Don't get kicked out
And you.
It's because of you that I made up my mind to study
After 13 years of giving birth, I regarded you as my idol
13 years
But I didn't expect it.
In the end, it was you
I will not let down my own people in this life
It's so unfair
Why? Why am I trying so hard?
But you ruined everything
And you
But you can live your life comfortably
Pretend you haven't done anything wrong.
Just really
That's terrible.
Why don't you come over?
It's none of our business if he jumps
What do you think?
Isn't it a murderer if it's not that ugly?
If you've done anything to me, I can't forget it.
Never run for your life